A containerd host (no Docker daemon, no CRI-O, no Kubernetes) runs containers in
containerd's "default" namespace, which is used through its own client, ctr. The
CNI plugins (bridge, portmap, firewall and the others) are in /opt/cni/bin and a
CNI network configuration is installed in /etc/cni/net.d. The image
docker.io/library/bench69672550:latest has already been imported into
containerd. It holds one small program, /usr/bin/webd, an HTTP server that
listens on TCP port 5000 inside the container and answers every request with a
few lines of text. No container has been created from the image yet.

An engineer runs their application container for testing with containerd and
needs to send requests to port 5000 of that container. With Docker they would
run:

    $ docker run -d -p 5000:5000 test-image

but the ctr manual has no option for port forwarding. nerdctl can do it, but the
engineer cannot use that tool in their company.

Your task is to start the application container with ctr so that its web server
can be reached from the host itself on port 5000.

Requirements:

1. When your script has finished, a container named "bench69672550", made from
   docker.io/library/bench69672550:latest, has to be running in containerd's
   "default" namespace (started detached, so that your command returns), and a
   plain `curl http://127.0.0.1:5000/` on the host has to get HTTP 200 from the
   server inside that very container. Answering from somewhere else (a second
   container under another name, a process on the host that imitates the
   server, another image) does not count.
2. The check runs `curl http://127.0.0.1:5000/` on the host and looks at who
   answers: the reply has to come from the program of that container itself. It
   also looks at how the container was made: it has to be a ctr container, not
   one made by nerdctl.
3. Tools: ctr against containerd, CNI, plus ordinary shell commands (ip,
   iptables, curl and so on). Do not use nerdctl, docker, podman, crictl or
   CRI-O.
4. The current user has passwordless sudo. Unless stated otherwise, assume
   container-runtime and network commands need `sudo`.
5. The names, the image and the port are fixed. Anything your approach needs
   that is only known at runtime (for example an IP address that a network
   plugin assigns to the container) is not given here; your script has to find
   it itself.
6. Your script must finish by itself: no interactive prompts, no command that
   runs in the foreground until the container exits, and no command that waits
   forever (start anything long-running in the background with its output
   redirected).

Return the commands needed to complete the task.
