A containerd node (no Docker daemon, no CRI-O) has to pull its images from a
registry mirror instead of docker.io. The mirror is already running on this
host and is plain HTTP:

    http://127.0.0.1:25635

It holds a copy of the image "docker.io/library/bench74595635-app:latest".
That image does not exist on docker.io itself, so it can only come from the
mirror. containerd is already running with its CRI enabled, and crictl is
configured to talk to it (see /etc/crictl.yaml), but containerd has not been
told about the mirror. As a result, the pull goes to docker.io and fails:

    $ sudo crictl pull docker.io/library/bench74595635-app:latest
    FATA[0000] pulling image: ... failed to resolve image ... (the exact
    wording depends on the containerd version and on the network)

Your task is to configure containerd so that pulls from docker.io are served
by the mirror, and the command above succeeds.

Requirements:

1. This is a configuration task: change containerd's registry configuration so
   that a normal pull of "docker.io/library/bench74595635-app:latest" is
   served by the mirror. Do not pull the image under another name and tag it,
   do not import it with ctr, and do not change the image name in the pull.
   The check wipes the image and runs the pull itself, as
   "sudo crictl pull docker.io/library/bench74595635-app:latest", after your
   script has finished; it passes only if that pull succeeds and the mirror
   served it.
2. containerd must be running, with a valid configuration, when your script
   ends. Anything that has to be reloaded for your change to take effect must
   be reloaded by your script.
3. Tools: use crictl and ctr against containerd, plus ordinary file and
   service commands. Do not use docker, podman, nerdctl or CRI-O.
4. The current user has passwordless sudo. Unless stated otherwise, assume
   container-runtime commands need `sudo`.
5. The names, the mirror address and the paths named above are fixed. Any
   other value you need is not given here; your commands must discover it
   themselves.
6. Your script must finish by itself: no interactive prompts, and no command
   that waits forever.

Return the commands needed to complete the task.
