A containerd node (no Docker daemon, no CRI-O, no nerdctl) runs Kubernetes
workloads through containerd's CRI, and the CRI keeps its images in the
containerd namespace "k8s.io". A local image was created by accident in the
namespace "default" instead. It is called

    docker.io/library/bench74595501-app:latest

and the archive it was imported from is gone, so the only copy of the image is
the one inside containerd. Kubernetes cannot find it:

    $ sudo ctr -n default images ls -q
    docker.io/library/bench74595501-app:latest
    $ sudo ctr -n k8s.io images ls -q | grep bench74595501
    $ sudo crictl inspecti docker.io/library/bench74595501-app:latest
    FATA[0000] ... no such image "docker.io/library/bench74595501-app:latest" present

(a pod that uses this image with imagePullPolicy Never cannot start).

Your task is to make the same image available in the namespace "k8s.io", under
the same name, so that the CRI finds it and a container can be run from it:

    $ sudo ctr -n k8s.io run --rm docker.io/library/bench74595501-app:latest bench74595501-check

The program in the image prints one line and exits.

Requirements:

1. The image in "k8s.io" has to be the very image that sits in "default" now
   (same image ID). There is no network access to rely on, and a different
   image under the same name does not count. The check lists the images of
   "k8s.io", asks the CRI (crictl inspecti) for the image, and runs a container
   from it, after your script has finished. It does not care whether the copy
   in "default" is still there afterwards.
2. Tools: use ctr and crictl against containerd, plus ordinary shell tools. Do
   not use docker, podman, nerdctl or CRI-O.
3. The current user has passwordless sudo. Unless stated otherwise, assume
   container-runtime commands need `sudo`.
4. On this node a `ctr images export` occasionally aborts midway, with a
   message like "error copying stream ... file already closed", and what it
   wrote is cut short. Make sure the image really is in "k8s.io" when your
   script ends, and repeat the step if it is not.
5. The namespaces and the image name above are fixed. Any other value you need
   is not given here; your commands must discover it themselves.
6. Your script must finish by itself: no interactive prompts, and no command
   that waits forever.

Return the commands needed to complete the task.
