A private containerd runs on this machine for this task: its socket is
/run/bench71557667/containerd.sock (owned by root), and it is not the
containerd of the machine. It holds what a faasd installation holds for its
functions: in the containerd namespace openfaas-fn, one container per function,
named like the function, each running as a task. There are two functions,
bench71557667-fn (the one this task is about) and bench71557667-other-fn. No
Docker daemon manages these containers.

An engineer wants a shell in the container of the function bench71557667-fn,
the way docker exec gives one, and does not get it: the Docker CLI knows no
container of that name, and listing containers with ctr on the socket shows
nothing:

    $ sudo ctr -a /run/bench71557667/containerd.sock containers ls
    CONTAINER    IMAGE    RUNTIME

Each function's main program wrote a marker (a random text, different for every
function and for every time this machine is set up) to the file /run/marker in
its own container. That file exists only inside the container. The container of
a function has a shell (sh) and a few tools (cat, readlink, ls, id).

Your task is to run commands inside the container of the function
bench71557667-fn and write what they found to this file, which your script has
to create:

    /tmp/bench71557667/answer.json

It must be one JSON object with exactly these three keys: "marker" (string, the
content of /run/marker as seen from inside that container), "pid_ns" (string,
the PID namespace the process that read the marker ran in, as
`readlink /proc/self/ns/pid` prints it for that process) and "inner_pid"
(number, the process ID of the shell that ran the commands, as numbered inside
the container).

Requirements:

1. The values must come from a process that ran inside the container of
   bench71557667-fn. The check compares them with what really is in that
   container (its marker and its PID namespace), and rejects the marker or the
   PID namespace of the other function and the PID namespace of the host.
2. Both functions must still be running, untouched: do not stop, restart,
   delete or change them.
3. Docker cannot do this here. Use any other tool you like, as long as the
   commands really run inside that container.
4. The marker and the numbers are not given here; your script has to read them
   from the container.
5. The current user has passwordless sudo. Unless stated otherwise, assume
   container-runtime and network commands need `sudo`.
6. Your script must finish by itself: no interactive shell, no prompts, no
   command that runs in the foreground until it is interrupted, and no command
   that waits forever (start anything long-running in the background with its
   output redirected).

Return the commands needed to complete the task.
